# DataWorks resource packages {#concept_265341 .concept}

DataWorks provides resource packages of shared resource groups for scheduling, shared resource groups for Data Integration instances, and App Studio development environments. You can use these resource packages to lower your costs.

If your number of instances scheduled each day reaches a certain level and you can maintain steady growth, you should consider purchasing resource packages of shared resource groups for scheduling and shared resource groups for Data Integration instances. This will give you the best price.

If you need to debug code frequently in App Studio, you can choose the resource package for App Studio development environments. This will give you the lowest price per unit of time.

**Note:** Currently, resource packages do not renew automatically. Note the expiration date of your purchased resource package, pay attention to expiration reminders \(by SMS or email\), and renew the resource package before it expires. This way you can prevent an increase in service costs after the resource package expires caused by direct deduction from your account balance in Pay-As-You-Go mode.

## Resource package of shared resource groups for scheduling {#section_6km_31o_lss .section}

If your number of instances scheduled each day reaches a certain level and you can maintain steady growth but shared resource groups for scheduling cannot give you the lowest costs, you can consider purchasing a resource package of shared resource groups for scheduling to support the running of scheduled instances.

-   Billing range

    The billing system bills the instances of any type that are generated by nodes submitted to the scheduling system. This includes auto-triggered instances, manually triggered instances, test instances, and retroactive instances.

-   Billing standard

    From the DataWorks test launch on June 4, 2019, all users who purchase resource packages of shared resource groups for scheduling will receive a 30-day free period. After July 2019, you will get a 35% discount when purchasing resource packages of shared resource groups for scheduling.

    |Region|Billing standard|Description|
    |------|----------------|-----------|
    |China \(Shanghai\), China \(Hangzhou\), China \(Beijing\), China \(Shenzhen\), Hong Kong|Resource package type|1,500,000 instances/month|
    |Minimum duration|Starting from 6 months|
    |Minimum quantity|Starting from 1|
    |Price per resource package|14,790 USD/6 months 29,580 USD/year

 |
    |US \(Silicon Valley\), US \(Virginia\), Singapore, Australia \(Sydney\), Malaysia \(Kuala Lumpur\), Indonesia \(Jakarta\), India \(Mumbai\), Japan \(Tokyo\), Germany \(Frankfurt\), UK \(London\), UAE \(Dubai\)|Resource package type|1,500,000 instances/month|
    |Minimum duration|Starting from 6 months|
    |Minimum quantity|Starting from 1|
    |Price per resource package|21,378 USD/6 months 42,756 USD/year

 |

    **Note:** The instances run in the current month only consume the instance quota of the resource package of the same month \(the monthly instance quota for a single resource package cannot exceed 1,500,000 instances\). The instance quota is restored at the start of the next month. The unused quota does not roll over to the next month.

    -   Example 1: If you purchase one 6-month resource package and only use 1,200,000 instances in the first month, you have a remaining quota of 300,000 instances. If you do not use these instances by the end of the first month, the remaining quota from the first month does not roll over to the second month, and the instance quota for the second month is still 1,500,000 instances.
    -   Example 2: If you purchase one 6-month resource package and your quota for the first month is 1,500,000 instances, any instances in excess of the quota are billed according to the billing standard of shared resource groups for scheduling.
-   Deduction method

    Resource packages are paid for by subscription. You can start using a resource package after paying the full subscription fee during a given service period. After you purchase a resource package, all instances that run successfully are deducted from the resource package quota.

    This resource package includes a quota of instances that can be scheduled. When you schedule instances, the resource package is used up first.

-   Expiration

    After each resource package expires, the balance is deducted by default according to the billing standard \(Pay-As-You-Go\) of shared resource groups for scheduling. If you want to continue using the resources through resource packages, you must purchase another resource package.


## Resource package of shared resource groups for Data Integration instances {#section_gzr_m89_f1m .section}

If your number of instances scheduled each day reaches a certain level and you can maintain steady growth but shared resource groups for Data Integration instances cannot give you the lowest costs, you can consider purchasing a resource package of shared resource groups for Data Integration instances to support the running of scheduled instances.

-   Billing range

    Concurrent instances that are generated when Data Integration nodes run in auto-triggered instances, retroactive instances, manually triggered instances, DataStudio workflow, or smoke testing mode.

-   Billing standard

    |Region|Billing standard|Description|
    |------|----------------|-----------|
    |China \(Shanghai\), China \(Hangzhou\), China \(Beijing\), China \(Shenzhen\), Hong Kong|Resource package type|1,500,000 instances/month|
    |Minimum duration|Starting from 6 months|
    |Minimum quantity|Starting from 1|
    |Price per resource package|1,044 USD/6 months 2,088 USD/year

 |
    |US \(Silicon Valley\), US \(Virginia\), Singapore, Australia \(Sydney\), Malaysia \(Kuala Lumpur\), Indonesia \(Jakarta\), India \(Mumbai\), Japan \(Tokyo\), Germany \(Frankfurt\), UK \(London\), UAE \(Dubai\)|Resource package type|1,500,000 instances/month|
    |Minimum duration|Starting from 6 months|
    |Minimum quantity|Starting from 1|
    |Price per resource package|1,566 USD/6 months 3,132 USD/year

 |

    **Note:** The concurrent instances that are run in the current month only consume the concurrent instance quota of the resource package of the same month \(the monthly concurrent instance quota for a single resource package cannot exceed 1,500,000 instances\). The concurrent instance quota is restored at the start of the next month. The unused quota does not roll over to the next month.

    -   Example 1: If you purchase one 6-month resource package and only use 1,200,000 concurrent instances in the first month, you have a remaining quota of 300,000 concurrent instances. If you do not use these instances by the end of the first month, the remaining quota from the first month does not roll over to the second month, and the concurrent instance quota for the second month is still 1,500,000 instances.
    -   Example 2: If you purchase one 6-month resource package and your quota for the first month is 1,500,000 concurrent instances, any concurrent instances in excess of the quota are billed according to the billing standard \(Pay-As-You-Go\) of shared resource groups for Data Integration instances.
-   Deduction method

    Resource packages are paid for by subscription. You can start using a resource package after paying the full subscription fee during a given service period. After you purchase a resource package, all instances that run successfully are deducted from the resource package quota.

    This resource package includes a quota of concurrent instances that can be used for running Data Integration nodes. When you schedule such nodes, the resource package is used up first.

-   Expiration

    Once the resource package quota has been exhausted or the resource package expires, the billing system deducts fees from your account balance based on the billing standard \(Pay-As-You-Go\) of shared resource groups for Data Integration instances. If you want to continue using concurrent instances by resource package, you must purchase another resource package.


## Resource package of App Studio development environments {#section_w4k_aew_oux .section}

-   Billing standard

    DataWorks provides resource packages for App Studio development environments, allowing you to debug code frequently. The billing standard is listed in the following table.

    |Resource package quota \(billable hours\)|Validity period|Price Unit \(USD\)|Region|
    |-----------------------------------------|---------------|------------------|------|
    |100|1 year|7|China \(Shanghai\), China \(Hangzhou\), China \(Shenzhen\), China \(Beijing\)|

    The relationships between different types of App Studio development environments and consumed billable hours are listed in the following table.

    |App Studio development environment|Actual debugging time \(hours\)|Consumed billable hours|
    |----------------------------------|-------------------------------|-----------------------|
    |1c2g|1|1|
    |2c4g|1|2|
    |4c8g|1|4|
    |8c16g|1|8|

-   Deduction method

    Each resource package is valid for one year. During this year, the debugging time first consumes billable hours in the resource package.

    **Note:** After you purchase a resource package, debugging will consume billable hours from the resource package first. After the resource package is used up, the monthly free billable hours will be consumed.

-   Expiration

    If the resource package quota is not used up during the year, the remaining quota expires and cannot be used.

    If the resource package quota is used up before the year ends, the billing system bills based on the billing standard \(Pay-As-You-Go\) of App Studio development environments.


